(Episode 29)
- Hello? - Dong Tak.
I just got the result.
It didn't match.
The guy in that helmet wasn't Prosecutor Tak.
It...
really wasn't you?
(Security Footage Analysis)
I found you.
The real angel.
- It's been a long time! - We've missed you!
You.
You were the black helmet?
The little kid...
that Doo Sik used to have a crush on?
Did Doo Sik know...
that you were the culprit from the beginning?
I know the helmet.
That's why I got the tattoo.
Is that why...
Doo Sik took the blame for you...
like an idiot?
He didn't take the blame...
to have a better life for himself?
Was it you?
Was it all because of you?
You killed Detective Jo, Kim Jong Doo,
and even attempted to kill me.
Why?
Why did you do that?
Are you here to see the mural again?
Is the director doing well?
I have no idea what's going on,
but she was seen on the hospital's security footage.
She's the one who attacked...
Soo Chang.
(Security Footage Analysis)
Dong Tak.
Hello? Hey, Detective Cha.
- Speak. - Captain Yoo says...
the DNA we found from the superintendent's nail...
belongs to a woman.
It looks like the person who killed Hang Joon is a woman.
The one who killed Hang Joon...
and came after Soo Chang and me...
The one who attacked Superintendent Ma.
She's the owner.
Our owner can't hear or speak.
That person was this woman?
Captain Yoo.
I know where the person in the helmet is.
I need backup.
Do you like this mural that much?
Is that why you got a tattoo of this behind your neck?
You cried so much when you first came here.
Back then,
I told you that...
your parents are probably...
keeping their eyes on you...
from up there with wings like those.
That's when you stopped crying.
Right.
Have you heard from Doo Sik?
He hasn't been coming for a while.
He died.
That idiot died.
He took the blame for your murder...
and died in prison...
like an idiot.
Are you leaving already?
Drive safely.
No. Where are you going?
You can't leave.
Never.
What's going on?
What's wrong with me?
Darn it. She already took off.
Find some DNA samples,
then check if it matches the one we got from Superintendent Ma.
Yes, sir.
Please stay here.
What's this place?
What is that?
Take these.
("Incheon Car Accident Witness Says the Truck Drove Over the Center.")
("The Only Survivor, the Perpetrator's Son")
What's all this?
("Killed on Their Way to Pick Up Their Daughter")
Then the married couple who died in the accident were...
Yes, Captain Yoo.
The suspect is Jin Soo A, a 30-year-old.
She's not in her registered address.
We looked everywhere for her, but she's nowhere to be found.
That's what's going on here too.
Maybe she found out somehow and ran.
Is that so? She came back to Korea from Japan a year ago.
She's from an orphanage.
An orphanage?
Yes, okay.
I think I know where she is.
Can you find more information about her?
Sure.
Let's take everything we see in this place.
- Okay. - Okay.
It wasn't Tak Jae Hee.
I was wrong.
Superintendent Ma was wrong too.
We were all wrong.
The angel's wings I saw at Soo Chang's old orphanage.
Then Lee Doo Sik and Jin Soo A.
Everything is connected to that orphanage.
Why did she do this?
Why?
Why are you sitting here like this?
I...
saw that person in the black helmet.
She had the tattoo too.
It was the little girl Doo Sik had a crush on.
It's Jin Soo A, isn't it?
What brings you here again?
The person who comes here to see the angel's wings...
The same person who has a tattoo of that on her neck...
killed two people to this point and is willing to kill more.
Jin Soo A.
- Why would she... - Where is she right now?
Soo A...
I have no idea.
She's lying. She was just here.
I know that she was just here.
Someone saw her, and I checked her credit card transaction.
There's really no telling in where she'll be.
- Where is she? - I don't know.
I need a lead, ma'am.
What kind of a person is she?
She lost...
both of her parents at once,
then shut off her mouth and ears...
because of that shock.
She's a very weak person.
She barely ever socialized with others.
But still,
if you gave her a little bit of love,
she would blindly return it back to you.
Yes, she was pretty odd.
She was there, but it felt like she never was.
Director Tak Jung Hwan's special donation.
Was she the one who received that donation?
How did you know...
What does that have to do with this?
I'm sure Director Tak made her like that.
- What do you mean? - If you don't stop her now,
she might kill another person.
We have to get her right now.
Do you think she knows something?
Even if she does, she won't open up easily. She seemed concerned.
And Tak Jae Hee.
He didn't seem to know anything.
I don't know what's going on,
but she's the person who attacked Gong Soo Chang.
Based on what Jo Min Seok and Superintendent Ma said,
for one reason or another, Tak Jung Hwan tried to cover it up.
If Director Tak trained Jin Soo A...
If that's the case, she most likely killed on his order.
I don't get it.
What about me?
Why me?
Her parents...
were the couple who died in the Incheon five-way car crash.
You weren't the only victim of that accident.
The couple in the victim's car.
They had a family member left behind.
Like you, Soo Chang.
She thought my dad had killed them...
and wanted revenge?
Captain.
Security footage, credit cards, account details...
We're pulling everything.
She killed two people already.
She could try to go abroad.
She won't run away. She didn't kill for money.
She has...
leftover business.
So please keep looking.
Okay, take care.
Get everything you can think of.
- Okay. - Yes, sir.
Where has Dokgo been all day?
Dokgo, there's something strange on it.
What's this?
How much does Tak Jae Hee know?
Based on his reaction from earlier,
he didn't seem to know what Jin Soo A had done.
- Hello? - I have the results.
The DNA from the superintendent's fingernails...
match what we got off Jin Soo A's belongings.
She's definitely the culprit.
Okay, thanks.
Father...
is hiding something from me.
You asked about Jin Soo A.
We checked the special account she was sponsored through.
I think you should see it for yourself.
(Tak Jung Hwan)
I see.
Keep me updated on how far he gets.
Yes, sir.
[VIU Ver] E29 Two Cops "Real Angel"
-= Ruo Xi =-
The woman at Ilya. How do you know her?
I sponsored her...
for a long time.
Maybe not as much as you,
but she's very special to me.
Do you know the police have identified her as a murder suspect?
I had no idea.
Jo Hang Joon.
Kim Jong Doo.
- And now... - What is your point?
If you're involved with this case...
No.
I do...
believe you.
I do not believe it.
Did she really commit murder?
Even if that were true...
and even if...
it started off with so much as a cough from me,
what if it were all for you?
What will you do then?
Father, I...
If I must pay, yes.
If it really comes to that,
I'll take responsibility.
Okay.
No parent...
would let their child get wet.
But Jae Hee.
This time,
I got wet.
What must I do about it?
You must...
protect her.
Do you think Tak Jae Hee will give you the arrest warrant?
Even though we doubted him, he's still a prosecutor.
What you got without a warrant...
can't be used as evidence.
We did what we had to do to compare the DNAs.
Detective Cha.
You doubted me,
and I'll drop that.
But I can't let you go against the rules.
Is that the real reason?
Is it not because it leads to Tak Jung Hwan?
He can't admit that...
his father is a scumbag.
I won't issue an arrest warrant or a travel ban.
And the DNA results won't be admitted.
All right then.
- If that's all, you can leave. - I apologize for suspecting you,
but...
you shouldn't forget the cause...
of the traffic accident 16 years ago.
Do not forget that.
Especially you.
Helmet girl.
What if she goes into hiding?
(Locker)
Select your locker.
Mr. Oh.
When you come over,
please bring the photographs from the Incheon junction...
traffic accident from 16 years ago.
Thank you.
Hello.
- I'm hungry. - Come in.
I thought I would die. I feel better now.
Why didn't you eat dinner?
I wanted to ask your dad...
some questions over dinner, but he isn't in.
- My father? - Yes.
You know my dad's case, right?
Of course. It's the reason you became a reporter.
I'm looking into it again.
I asked Detective Cha and your dad for help.
The case Detective Cha is on...
is connected to my dad's last case.
If he can solve this one, it might help solve my dad's case.
- Really? - Your dad said something odd today.
There's so little evidence left.
The witness is dead too.
He said the witness was dead.
But my dad's case...
had no witnesses.
That's what I wanted to ask.
He must be busy because he's about to become a minister.
Yes, I guess so.
He went from cop to prosecutor...
and now to Minister of Justice. He's incredible.
What do you think of him?
- What? - Not the boring stuff...
you get online.
What do you think he's like?
- I don't know. - What?
What about you?
- What? - What are you like?
Jin Soo A.
She committed murder twice already.
If she followed Tak Jung Hwan so blindly, why...
- Detective Cha. - Anyway,
if we get Jin Soo A's testimony that she's been forced to commit murder,
we'll be able to get the director.
I think, Detective Cha,
something strange is happening to me.
What?
I think...
my body is disappearing.
What?
Gosh, it's better now.
Why is it like that?
I don't know.
But it's worse than last time.
Wait. It's not the first time? When did it start happening?
It started...
when we were at the police station.
Is he always jealous or what?
And then, it happened at the orphanage.
I...
What's wrong with me?
Wait.
I... I'm not seeing things, right?
I saw my hand disappear too.
What should we do? Why is this happening?
I don't know. I don't...
Right. Miss Bong might know.
Disappearance.
What?
Is he going to disappear forever?
So I'm not just going to die?
I'm going to disappear like smoke?
In a few days, the 49 days you had will be over.
You don't have much time.
Do something.
You trust me, right?
Then trust me until the end.
But there...
Hey.
Later...
A little later, something will happen that will make you cry.
But don't blame yourself.
That's what destiny is like.
It's always so mean.
It'd have been better...
if you hadn't got to know that person.
(Seoul Central Police Station)
Why are you here?
I came to lend you this.
- I had a rough day. - That's why I'm here.
By the way, I met Jae Hee.
I went to see Jung Hwan, but he wasn't in.
He had told me something strange.
He said that the witness to my dad's accident had died.
But there was no witness to my dad's accident.
He told you that the witness had died?
Yes.
Why?
It's nothing.
How's Soo Chang?
Keep this a secret to Ssong.
She... She might get upset.
He's doing fine.
It's good to hear that.
"Chocolate cream bread".
"Make chocolate cream and a dough."
"Strong flour, sugar, dry..."
Strong flour might be too much.
"Shape the dough, and bake it on a saucepan."
"Then you'll have made some wavy chocolate cream."
This is what you like best.
Ko Bong.
Do you think I'll be able to catch the culprit?
Will I be able to go back into my body?
It's easy.
I'll make it for you.
"Corn bread. Prepare a meat slice,"
"and put ham, corn, onion, and green pepper."
This time, I got wet.
What would I do with my wet clothes?
You have...
to protect her.
"October 25, 2001".
"We promised to meet at night."
"But he called me at 8pm, saying he's going to be late."
Before he called me,
he could have called someone.
Why didn't I think of this before?
If I find the person he had been talking to at that time,
there's a high possibility that person might know something.
I'll need to find that person first.
(Song Ji Seok, the detective in charge of the Incheon car accident)
(Kim Jong Doo, someone forced him to bear false testimony)
(Jo Hang Joon, died while investigating Kim Jong Doo's case)
(Tak Jung Hwan, Jin Soo A)
I'll get him.
Just hang in there, Soo Chang.
- You should have some coffee. - Thanks.
I need to listen again.
(Intensive Care Unit)
Hello.
(Seoul Central Police Station)
- Are you all right? - I'm fine.
I'm not dead yet.
I'm strong-willed, you know?
(Distinct Features: angel wing tattoo on the neck)
(Moved from Japan to Korea in 2016)
(From Haneul Orphanage, was supported by Director Tak)
(Tracking Situation of the Suspect, Jin Soo A)
Gosh, we were on stakeout all night, but we got nothing.
I know. Maybe we lost her.
Where's Dokgo? Why isn't he here?
This lighter.
- What? - It wasn't just any lighter.
Please concentrate.
It starts now.
I thought you had been compensated enough.
I spent all that money. I have none left anymore.
So you want more?
The statute of limitations has expired.
If I say...
Won't they investigate again?
If I give you the money, you won't tell...
Killing...
I see.
- I'll call you in three days. - I'll be waiting.
I'll be waiting at... In three days.
Hey. What's all this about?
So someone committed murder, right?
No way.
It was a recorder that looked like a lighter.
There's a bit of static,
but I'll find out...
who was on that recorder in no time...
by analyzing the components.
You don't need to. It's Director Tak.
It's me. How have you been?
There's been a burglary at my house a few days ago.
The burglar went through everything, but nothing went missing.
- So I didn't report to the police. - A burglar?
But there was something weird.
Hang Joon's urn?
The janitor called and said...
someone had searched through it.
He warned me not to put any valuables in there.
When did this happen?
Here it is. December 5, 2017.
This is where his urn is, right?
Dongducheon gas station. She refueled here.
All right.
Thank you. I'll go visit Jun Soo soon.
Jin Soo A...
must have been looking for this.
This is why Director Tak had to kill Hang Joon.
His secret...
was hidden inside this lighter.
Right.
This is what Detective Jo found...
at the place of Kim Jong Doo's incident.
That's also why she ransacked the police station,
his house, and his urn.
If Kim Jong Doo had simply been a witness to a car accident,
Director Tak wouldn't have had to silence him.
The statute of limitations for the destruction of evidence...
of the car accident 16 years ago has already been expired.
It was too weak to be a reason for him to want to kill him.
But if this is about murder, it's a different story.
I haven't...
- quit smoking yet. - Kim Jong Doo...
went to Director Tak...
right after returning back to Korea.
He knew Director Tak would do a body search on him,
and of course, he'd take away his phone too.
He probably had to come up with an idea.
And he probably threatened him...
with that voice recording.
You can't be like this.
I have a voice recording of you.
Come on, Director Tak. This is very unlike you.
How much do you want?
But there's something that Kim didn't know.
Director Tak had something which he didn't have...
16 years ago.
Jin Soo A.
(Episode 30 will air shortly.)